Deduplicating the compactor docs (#4345)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/operations/storage/retention.md

Marked chunks will only  be deleted after `retention_delete_delay` configured is expired because:

- boltdb-shipper indexes are refreshed from the shared store on components using it (querier and ruler) at a specific interval. This means deleting chunks instantly could lead to components still having reference to old chunks and so they could fails to execute queries. Having a delay allows for components to refresh their store and so remove gracefully their reference of those chunks.

> - It gives you a short period to cancel chunks deletion in case of mistakes.

Reviewer: Please use this wording for the second point.  And thank you for finding and fixing the duplication.

```suggestion
- It provides a short window of time in which to cancel chunk deletion in the case of a configuration mistake.
```
